add more oidc instructions (#5206)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/studio/user-guide/openid-connect.md

DVC Studio can use OpenID Connect to access cloud resources securely, without
requiring manual configuration of static credentials.

> To use OIDC, first setup [cloud configuration](#cloud-configuration) and then
> setup [Studio configuration](#studio-configuration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use OIDC, first follow the [cloud configuration](#cloud-configuration) instructions and then
the [Studio configuration](#studio-configuration) instructions.
```

## Cloud configuration

<details>

> ### Expand to see technical details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Generic configuration options
```
